[Applause]
you're fantastic by the way thank you
you played Willona on good times live
here on ABC about three months ago and
you were great
you really nailed it you really did a
great job it was very fun to do you know
it's not a hard character for me to play
man it's you did seem to slide right in
a little older I am and I watch good
times for many many years and good times
he's one of the best now yeah good times
but it wasn't really good times they
were bad most of the times were bad yeah
it was kind of sarcastic good times
which is how I like to say it but
something is not going quite right good
time yeah we're talking about your wife
making you new years yes yeah you notice
cuz you know where you weekend well yeah
I mean you'll believe me she made that
quite clear
yeah job as a wife to let you know where
you messin up so you can come a better
man do you want to know the real what
the real resolution that she wanted what
you wanted me to do she wanted me to
drink less iced tea and more water and I
somehow took offense to that quite the
contrary it smells like we're at the
Lipton Factory by the way I have so much
to ask you because so you and I were at
a party for Crank Yankers show on Comedy
Central which you were nice to be a part
of and we were talking and you said hey
I'd like to invite you to my Bat Mitzvah
uh-huh and I said I would love to come
to your Bar Mitzvah
and so then surprising to me I got an
invitation about a week later and said
come to Tiffany's Bat Mitzvah and so I
said all right I'm gonna go to Tiffany's
pump mitts but now I thought you were
kidding about this I did and I know I
told you this a couple of times and each
time you give me that look but I thought
you were kidding
I was dead serious I told you I've been
studying Hebrew I thought it was a joke
what
don't talk about religion like that
about it I even microphone not if I have
a microphone in my in I might be joking
about religion but if I'm talking to you
mano-a-mano yeah the truth okay well now
I know that but I didn't know it and I
showed up in like jeans no no I'm not
coming yeah you got a windbreaker on
I did over with Oh get me wet II okay
well not happy you made it yeah and I
was embarrassed first of all to be
underdressed like yes I was
would you really this was a serious
event and yeah well it was on a Thursday
night who has a bomb it's on a Thursday
[Laughter]
more affordable it's more affordable and
Billy Crystal spoke Leah and my ceremony
and he gave it you know that's my that's
like he's my everything he's my guys
just did a movie ticket yeah we just did
a movie caught here today this should be
coming out sometime soon and he's a
great person right I mean he really is
amazing he's taught me so much he's like
my like my like secondary rabbi like I
got issues going on I'll take it to him
and run are you like oh you're crazy
gives me some of the best advice you
know he's been in this business for over
60 years
yes and he has taught me some really
valuable lessons and I wish I would have
known him sooner in my career so there's
you you read from the Torah you memorize
you worked on this for a month yeah
mm-hm I had no idea whether you've done
it well or not but people said you were
great and in fact the rabbi said you
were like the fastest learner she'd ever
worked with and so now you know I'm a
genius and so now you are did you
celebrate Hanukkah then yes I did
Hanukkah and you know I've been
celebrating Hanukkah for a while me
since I bought my house in that's what
it's like four years five years and I
guess I'll be celebrating wrong for long
it won't weigh I see you know it's the
candles right and is that Bonnie's
candle and I thought at the end of
Hanukkah that's when you liked the bonus
candle like if you get to like BAM yeah
we got it
that's what I thought but apparently you
supposed to like the extra candle on you
know day one it's like the pilot light
yeah and all the other candles follow
yeah I mean how did you find out that
was the house did a picture on Instagram
oh yeah and my followers and Friends
brothers and sisters my Jewish sisters
and brothers let me know that I was
doing it right now it's like is this
from last night cuz you getting you
missing a candy they like you you need
the light on my kid not something I like
that at the end then I noticed how you
do it thank God for Instagram because
they really are able to correct us
I'll make sure you get the message and
learn how to do it the right way he made
sure I saw you had a huge table of
presence did you get good stuff oh man I
got some good good what did you get I
got I got this necklace right here that
I'm wearing
uh-huh from Barbra Streisand Wow Wow
nice she wasn't there she wasn't there
but she sent she sent me some diamond I
see okay well that's pretty good yeah
and you guys you know Barbra Streisand
yeah how do you know Barbra Streisand
well you know I'm a lot of people see
all right but I want to know how you you
know Barbara went to a movie night at
the 6th executives house and Barbara was
there and I start talking to her at Tata
bark Hardy being all kind of stuff and
we've been friends did she know about
cardi B or she was interested we didn't
know who she didn't know laughs and I
had to break it down I start wrapping
for and everything so therein are you
talking about the red bottoms yes yes
and or gang bangin Oh more or than it
right
so Barbara sent you a present yeah
Barbara sent me a present I'm
embarrassed because I got you the same
present except without diamonds yeah you
did yeah no diamond but I love Barry I'm
aware when I work out
[Applause]
[Laughter]
hey sales was the only place open tennis
bracelet somebody else Beyonce's mom
gave me the most beautiful Bible miss
Tina gave me the most beautiful Bible
with this cross on it and everything and
I was like is she Travis the odd C's
mother sent you a Bible with the
crucifix on it for your body
I see we have a little surprise we have
a fun thing we're gonna do when we come
back because your movie is like a boss
yes and so we came up with a little
something that we've gathered some
people one of them is from your past and
the others are not from your past one of
those people was your boss at one time
now I don't want you to look too much
because I don't want you to figure it
out yet when we come back we're gonna
see into Tiffany Haddish his life
to see if she can you can figure out a
playing a game we're gonna play a game
show yes yes it's a game show with no
prize we'll play and when we come back
Tiffany Haddish is here we'll be right
back don't mind the drones they're a
gift from an admirer of Claire's gonna
put that in your purse put it in your
purse white woman okay you will not go
to jail
[Applause]
it opens Friday Salma Hayek is the is
the villain in this movie yes just hang
around together
oh I hung out with summer as much as
possible you know I wanted to learn how
to attract a man with billions
oh really oh yeah right her husband who
you know yeah yeah yeah you know I took
we went for this we went to a Drake
concert right and Gucci man came out and
I don't know if y'all notice this film
as husband owns Gucci right so Gucci man
come out she goes who is this good she
did we get a mascot I don't know this
butch it's really cool she's like I
don't know about this Gucci man was a
Marlboro Man or something really that's
yeah we had a lot of fun every Sunday I
would invite like the cast and a crew
over to my place and we do a potluck and
I would cook something and she if
someone would always bring the best
tequila and have everybody pretty lit so
okay you have had a lot how many jobs
would you guess you've had I've probably
I've had a lot of jobs but I would say
but seven seven jobs maybe ten maybe ten
okay I think that's that many I think
that's a pretty reasonable number so
we're gonna go back now in time - you're
not started working when I was 13 okay
we're not gonna go back quite that far
okay we're gonna go back almost that far
and we're gonna put some people up on
the screen on the wall of America now we
got sick people five of these people are
strangers to you I assume if you do know
any of them it's got to be a coincidence
one of them was at one time your
employer your boss do you recognize you
could ask yes or no questions just call
out the number and then ask whatever you
like number three number three number
three yeah okay uh we're gonna bring
number three up oh okay okay number
three did you ever work at LAX Airport
you got it yeah right off the bat
this is do you remember the gentleman's
name I do not remember his name I know
be like is his name rod Samuels yeah rod
where did you guys work together we were
handling the a New Zealand account at
Terminal two at LAX Terminal two at LAX
we have a photograph of Tiffany from
that time of her life I did a photo
shoot at the one hour then what was your
job that pretty easy huh yeah
rod how was Tiffany also as an employee
Oh perfect as young as she was she was
just overflowing with confidence she
basically took charge of things we used
to love to get her up to the arrivals
lounge so she had a PA system I think
that's where she developed their skills
with his comedic stuff she just took
charge may that person just feel great
what would you know when she had a
little more time on a hand she even got
to dance for their majestic robot and
pop rocking and do you name it you'll
hit it
your people were waiting for their
flights and your pop pop and Locker
so okay so I worked in the transit
lounge in like when people were going
from one place to another but they
weren't staying in America long they
being it's now just sometimes the
flights would be delayed and I used to
love making announcements like oh Aaron
New Zealand's like three five seven with
service to Frankfurt is delayed so sorry
I just refreshed the sodas so if you
like some soda or some crackers we have
you can go in and enjoy yourself and
then people be like it's boring and
here's wine and I said oh well you know
and I used to win these drama festivals
so I was like I can do a monologue for
you bring my little radio and I'll play
some music and put the speaker
I just want everybody to be happy yeah
and I want it to get a raise did rot
every give you that raise no I left and
went to the last Gator line oh really
they gave me 75 cent more oh really a
better flight benefit rod you really
screwed up I know eighteen eighteen
years old that's what you would yeah it
was amazing I'm still 18 in here you bet
you still show it that that white
Tiffany that's great it's so good to see
you oh yes we are so proud of you when I
was trying to mess up these stories
about you the whole team were just
brimming with love and confidence and
they wish you well with Wow love the
heck out of them baby stop by terminal 2
on the way out sometime
Thank You rod thanks for doing this we
appreciate it
it's my pleasure Tiffany's Josh now
Tiffany's even more Jewish now write me
up for modeling on the conveyor belt
[Laughter]
[Applause]
Tiffany would you ever consider doing a
reality dating show is that something
that would ever appeal to you like for
instance The Bachelor okay I mean he got
money and you would get to choose from
all the guys I get the pic yeah of
course okay well you guys like that
careers I got money
no no because I like your name no I want
to be a Sigma The Bachelor Peter is here
would you like to stay and
[Applause]
right back there The Bachelor Peter am
jimmy kimmel give back this holiday
season in a fun way by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it through it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you